1. How did Van Eyck try to understand light?
He tried to understand how light is transported throughout the scene.

2. What is the idea of Photo Realistic Rendering?
Rendering that is so good that it looks like a real photo

3. What “comes for free” in Global illumination?
Environment mapping - Multiple inter-reflections
Shadows - soft and hard shadows
Color bleeding
Refraction

4. What is the rendering equation saying?
How lighting theoretically should be calculated

5. What is a BRDF?
A function that describes how light is reflected in a physical realistic way. Can be measured for any material

6. Can you explain Raytracing?
shoot several rays through each pixel on the screen and back trace them to light sources within a bounding box.

7. Why is supersampling important?
Rays shot through different locations in a pixel will recieve very different lighting information. Therefore 
several rays are shot to get a better approximation of the light that should go into that pixel.
Using stochastic locations for the rays will also reduce aliasing effects.

8. How can bounding volumes help to speed up computations?
You have to check for less hits

9. Can you explain the ideas behind space partitioning?
By partitioning a space into a hierarchy of bounding boxes, less hit checks have to be made.
You traverse a tree of partitions and check hits until you finally end up in a leaf where
you check hits for all triangles in that leaf partition.

10. Can you explain Radiosity?
A lighting model inspired by heat transfer PDEs.
Iteratively let light sources emit light to recievers, in next iterations the recievers become emitters and repeat
until equilibrium is met.

11. What us the idea of progressive refinement?
See prev answer

12. When should you use radiosity and when is raytracing better?
Radiosity works well for matte lambertian surfaces and raytracing is good for specular and translucent surfaces.
Some parts of raytracing can also be done in real time, I don't know if that is the case for radiosity.